OSDOCS#4348: Installing an IBM Cloud VPC cluster in restricted env (#55526)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-initializing.adoc

+
For `platform.powervs.vpcName`, specify the name for the existing {ibm-cloud-name}. For `platform.powervs.vpcSubnets`, specify the existing subnets.
endif::ibm-power-vs+restricted[]
ifdef::ibm-cloud+restricted[]

> .. Define the network and subnets for the VPC to install the cluster in under the parent `platform.ibmcloud` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Define the VPC network and subnets for the cluster to use under the parent `platform.ibmcloud` field:
```
Tried rewording this because "in under" felt awkward.

Author: Yeah. This is language that is used for every restricted installation assembly. I agree it reads a little awkward, but I am not sure if your suggestion changes the technical accuracy. I am inclined to leave this one alone.

----
+
By setting this option, you create an internal Ingress Controller and a private load balancer.
ifdef::azure[]
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Azure Firewall link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/firewall/integrate-lb[does not work seamlessly] with Azure Public Load balancers. Thus, when using Azure Firewall for restricting internet access, the `publish` field in `install-config.yaml` should be set to `Internal`.
====
endif::azure[]
ifdef::ibm-cloud[]
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you choose to leave the default value of `External`, your network must be able to access the public endpoint for {ibm-cloud-name} Internet Services (CIS). CIS is not enabled for Virtual Private Endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the default value of `External`, your network must be able to access the public endpoint for {ibm-cloud-name} Internet Services (CIS). CIS is not enabled for Virtual Private Endpoints.
```
minimalism nit
